From now on
You must respect Lin Sheng
offender
Kill without mercy, did I hear it right?
Heaven and earth actually call antelopes holy
Meet Chief Lin
The Demon Suppressing Tower was able to escape by itself
Could it be that
Tianzun Lei's body was seriously injured and cannot be described
It is said that Tianzun has a sword to protect the sect
Can summon the souls of heaven and earth
So Protector Lei failed.
I thought what was wrong.
What if he could summon heaven and earth?
It's just a remnant of a soul
The deity can be destroyed at will
Arrogant kid
How dare you humiliate my Thunder Cloud Sect?
Go and ask the ancestor to leave the customs
Yes
This time, I will definitely turn Tianzong into ashes